There the beauty guys go there and today one
tutorial I have a very basic video lesson
and demonstrating how to install moddy's on
euro truck simulator 26 initiative is
making this video lessons
engineers
however being a simple thing of
install and exist in my subscription
they ask how they install mode in the game
and we will demonstrate that how it is done
Beauty is very simple, fly you first.
You have to choose your mode right
clearly first time it goes on
Blog that has several sauces cool for him
the trek is the euro trek 2 point com.br
beauty so wide that there are many
cool ways have here or there twitter
two have more than ISSQN rebounds the right
carts have the cabin trucks of
sound map
we will be able to play short bus tires're
There are several here I picked up here just to
demonstrate as to mold the change which
more informal ie we have that
image of gray and it will give up
it was cute on the bottom the first
thing you have to pay attention to is the
version of your new beauty here of week
to version 1.8 point 2
also be attentive here in the description of the
death he always spoke and if he ever
tested this lot it is the work
version 1.7 point to point 8 point 2
and he leaves 11 a proviso he test in
another version of the wii in beauty in
files on a ray or net zip one
compressed file
I already downloaded a file
neighbor and he's here in the
my desktop
so it 's if you open there you will have
the document is I made a shortcut to
open this folder here which is the key
windows and until it is between the control and
out is there on the bottom keyboard
then windows but and and open window and
exploring then is to open window here with
the page the computer and even documents
beauty, you can go right there in mine
documents here will have several folders
many things in the end several games that
today you have 161 profile is they create
available sac has a folder of the
battlefield 3
I have here gives and open one twitter
have to give the name because of ps
rockstar of gta having scania young one
reader
It's all here and soon we got there I brought
a two reader then you will be
Shoe has several parts of gold trek
Where are you going to put the molds?
You can put songs where you go.
put here your sound profile dictate
screenshots and strip and logically us
let's access the folder a template
so the way is basically this one
it was in my case it's like default installation
62 points and users rafael but in the case of
user documents and euro transit in
have two and in a mold beauty
As you can see this folder is
empty then organize my files
install on desktop
I can the brightness that very well touched the
installed area
So let's make the proposal that
They play there and I just pulled that one single here.
inside the pastinha mode talent beauty
per hour
here is just it here if you want it is just
I'm going to play to fill draw.
aware that I needed this file
is in here
since that's it here now let's go
into the game and we'll install it there
drinking has now been in the game
galley aa well remember that we look
there's the mod version then it's what
You will see the version of your game in my
if it is 1.8 points 2.5
So we're going to base it on today.
or not, it must be in the
same level of fun but you have to
test because even then it may be that
work with this profile that hurts
What I downloaded from his brain.
Just to test this mole, then yes.
but in case select the profile click
in edit or edit and here in the corner
right will appear a list in all
the ways you have inside that part
mode
where we put you there then
go in case enable mode you go
mark his option and will involve
apply or the board ready to open the game
the spoon in the game so straight né
apparently is working has a
map problem then click here
world max and look, the map was already
bottom line is that here at the bridge this is more or
less only a staff but more or less
So that's it, so it's here. It works.
no mod
we then learn how to put a
tram when you put a lot of
bus or truck look in place and
search download
stay tuned in there because
generally who does the well and puts
hike replaces and concessionaire who
meet and that's it beauty so
People here are giving us a link to
help favorite there that helps even more
and know to be inscribed on the decoration channel
earned thank you subscribed has
opportunity
sign up accompany channel videos
beauty of the queen then embrace of the Basque
stay in peace and until the next